<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"topic.dtd">
<topic id="dita_support">
  <title>About DITA support in XMLmind DITA Converter</title>

  <body>
    <section><title>DITA 1.3 support</title><p>As of version 3.0, XMLmind DITA
    Converter (ditac for short) fully supports <xref format="html"
    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/dita-v1.3-os-part2-tech-content.html"
    scope="external">DITA 1.3</xref> and as such, allows to convert DITA
    documents conforming to the DITA 1.3 DTD, W3C XML Schema or <i>RELAX NG
    schema</i>. However, there are still limitations, deemed minor, and
    implementation specificities which are documented in <xref
    href="limitations.dita"/>.</p><p>In fact, when ditac v2.6+ is used, DITA
    1.2 documents are automatically “upgraded” to DITA 1.3. This is caused by
    the fact that the following <codeph>&lt;!DOCTYPE&gt;</codeph> means "use
    latest version of the DITA DTD":</p><pre id="MyTopic_dtd"
    outputclass="language-xml">&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?&gt;
<b>&lt;!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd"&gt;</b>
&lt;topic id="MyTopic"&gt;
...
&lt;/topic&gt;</pre><p>This should not be a problem as DITA 1.3 is a superset
    of DITA 1.2.</p></section>

    <section><title>Technical content only</title><p>Ditac only supports
    "<xref format="html"
    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/dita-v1.3-part2-tech-content.html"
    scope="external">Technical content elements</xref>". However <xref
    format="html"
    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/langRef/containers/classification-elements.html"
    scope="external">Classification elements</xref> (e.g. <xref format="html"
    href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/archSpec/base/subject-scheme-maps-and-usage.html"
    scope="external">subject scheme maps</xref>) are still not
    supported.</p></section>

    <section><title>DITA 1.3 RELAX NG schema</title><p>Ditac has no problem
    processing a DITA document pointing to a RELAX NG schema, rather than to a
    DTD or W3C XML Schema:</p><pre id="MyTopic_rng"
    outputclass="language-xml">&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?&gt;
<b>&lt;?xml-model href="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:rng:topic.rng"?&gt;</b>
&lt;topic id="MyTopic"&gt;
...
&lt;/topic&gt;</pre><p>The <xmlpi>xml-model</xmlpi> processing-instruction
    used in the above example is the standard way to associate a document to a
    RELAX NG schema. See <xref format="html"
    href="https://www.w3.org/TR/xml-model/"
    scope="external">"<cite>Associating Schemas with XML documents
    1.0</cite>"</xref>.</p></section>

    <section><title>The <cmdname>DTDToSchema</cmdname> facility</title><p>The
    <cmdname>DTDToSchema</cmdname> facility can be used to “upgrade” your
    documents conforming to a DITA 1.3 DTD to the equivalent DITA 1.3 W3C XML
    Schema or RELAX NG schema. Command-line example showing how to invoke the
    <cmdname>DTDToSchema</cmdname> facility:</p><screen>$ java -cp <i>ditac_install_dir</i>/lib/ditac.jar <b>com.xmlmind.ditac.tool.DTDToSchema</b>¬
-rng MyTopic.dita</screen><p>Before invoking the
    <cmdname>DTDToSchema</cmdname> facility, <filepath>MyTopic.dita</filepath>
    contained:</p><pre conref="#dita_support/MyTopic_dtd"/><p>After invoking
    the <cmdname>DTDToSchema</cmdname> facility,
    <filepath>MyTopic.dita</filepath> contains:</p><pre
    conref="#dita_support/MyTopic_rng"/><p>The <cmdname>DTDToSchema</cmdname>
    facility is auto-documented:</p><screen>$ java -cp ditac_install_dir/lib/ditac.jar com.xmlmind.ditac.tool.DTDToSchema

Usage: java -cp ditac.jar com.xmlmind.ditac.tool.DTDToSchema
  -rng|-xsd [ in_dita_file|in_dir_containing_dita_files ]+

"Upgrades" specified DITA documents conforming to a standard
DITA 1.3 DTD to the corresponding W3C XML schema or
RELAX NG schema.

Processes files or directories. Files are modified in place.
Directories are recursively processed. All the '.ditamap', '.dita'
and '.ditaval' files found in specified directories are processed.

Options:
-rng Upgrade to RELAX NG schema.
-xsd Upgrade to W3C XML schema.</screen></section>
  </body>
</topic>
