<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="limitations">
  <title>Limitations and implementation specificities</title>

  <body>
    <section><title>Conversion to XHTML and XSL-FO</title><ul>
        <li>The following elements are ignored:<ul compact="yes">
            <li>the <xref format="html"
            href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/langRef/technicalContent/syntaxdiagram.html"
            scope="external"><xmlelement>syntaxdiagram</xmlelement></xref>
            element and all its descendant elements;</li>

            <li><xref format="html"
            href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/langRef/base/ux-window.html"
            scope="external"><xmlelement>ux-window</xmlelement></xref>;</li>

            <li><xref format="html"
            href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/langRef/base/sort-as.html"
            scope="external"><xmlelement>sort-as</xmlelement></xref>.</li>
          </ul></li>

        <li>The
        <xmlelement>titlealts</xmlelement>/<xmlelement>navtitle</xmlelement>
        element of topic is ignored.</li>

        <li>Layout of <xmlelement>simpletable</xmlelement> elements:<ul>
            <li>Attribute <xmlatt>frame</xmlatt> is ignored.</li>

            <li>Conversion to XHTML:<ul compact="yes">
                <li>Attribute <xmlatt>expanse</xmlatt> is partially supported.
                Its value is considered to always be 100%.</li>
              </ul></li>

            <li>Conversion to XSL-FO:<ul compact="yes">
                <li>Attribute <xmlatt>expanse</xmlatt> is ignored. The width
                of a <xmlelement>simpletable</xmlelement> is always 100% and
                thus, you cannot center a <xmlelement>simpletable</xmlelement>
                using the <xref
                href="xsltParams.dita#xsltParams/center"><tt>center</tt></xref>
                parameter.</li>
              </ul></li>
          </ul></li>

        <li>Layout of (CALS) <xmlelement>table</xmlelement> element:<ul>
            <li>Attributes
            <xmlelement>table</xmlelement>/<xmlatt>orient</xmlatt> and
            <xmlelement>entry</xmlelement>/<xmlatt>rotate</xmlatt> are not
            supported.</li>

            <li>Conversion to XHTML:<ul compact="yes">
                <li>Attribute <xmlatt>pgwide</xmlatt> is partially supported.
                Its value is considered to always be 100%.</li>

                <li>Something like <tt>colwidth="2*+3pt"</tt> is treated as if
                it were <tt>colwidth="2*"</tt>. Moreover, because no Web
                browser seems to support relative lengths, a relative length
                is approximated to a percentage.</li>
              </ul></li>

            <li>Conversion to XSL-FO:<ul compact="yes">
                <li>Attribute <xmlatt>pgwide</xmlatt> is ignored. The width of
                a <xmlelement>table</xmlelement> is always 100% and thus, you
                cannot center a <xmlelement>table</xmlelement> using the <xref
                href="xsltParams.dita#xsltParams/center"><tt>center</tt></xref>
                parameter.</li>
              </ul></li>
          </ul></li>

        <li id="conversion_of_dita_ids"><p>The qualified ID of a descendant
        element of a topic is transformed as follows:
        <tt><i>topicID</i>/<i>descendantID</i></tt> becomes
        <tt><i>topicID</i>__<i>descendantID</i></tt> in the generated content.
        (The separator string being used comprises <i>two</i> underscore
        characters.)</p><p>Example: let's suppose a topic having
        "<tt>parameters</tt>" as its <xmlatt>id</xmlatt> attribute, containing
        a table having "<tt>default_values</tt>" as its <xmlatt>id</xmlatt>
        attribute, has been converted to HTML. The generated HTML file which
        contains the topic is called
        <filepath>userguide.html</filepath>.</p><ul compact="yes">
            <li>URL "<tt>userguide.html#parameters</tt>" allows to address the
            topic.</li>

            <li>URL "<tt>userguide.html#parameters__default_values</tt>"
            allows to address the table.</li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul></section>

    <section><title>Booklists</title><ul>
        <li>Contents corresponding to the following empty
        <xmlelement>bookmap</xmlelement> elements:
        <xmlelement>toc</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>tablelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>figurelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>indexlist</xmlelement> can be automatically generated by
        ditac.</li>

        <li>Ditac supports <xmlelement>examplelist</xmlelement> and
        <xmlelement>equationlist</xmlelement> in addition to
        <xmlelement>toc</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>tablelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>figurelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>indexlist</xmlelement>.</li>

        <li>Contents corresponding to the following empty
        <xmlelement>bookmap</xmlelement> elements:
        <xmlelement>trademarklist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>abbrevlist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>bibliolist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>glossarylist</xmlelement> <i>cannot</i> be automatically
        generated by ditac.</li>

        <li>Entries automatically generated by ditac for
        <xmlelement>toc</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>tablelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>figurelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>examplelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>equationlist</xmlelement> and
        <xmlelement>indexlist</xmlelement> only contain plain text. For
        example, if a topic title is "<tt>&lt;title&gt;The
        Java&lt;sup&gt;TM&lt;/sup&gt; &lt;b&gt;Spring&lt;/b&gt;
        framework&lt;/title&gt;</tt>", then the corresponding TOC entry
        contains "<tt>The JavaTM Spring framework</tt>".</li>

        <li>About the automatically generated
        <xmlelement>indexlist</xmlelement>:<ul>
            <li>Specifying an <xmlelement>indexterm</xmlelement> element in
            the
            <xmlelement>topicmeta</xmlelement>/<xmlelement>keywords</xmlelement>
            element of a <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> element is
            equivalent to specifying it in the
            <xmlelement>prolog</xmlelement>/<xmlelement>metadata</xmlelement>/<xmlelement>keywords</xmlelement>
            element of the corresponding topic. Any other
            <xmlelement>indexterm</xmlelement> element found in a map is
            ignored.</li>

            <li>In a topic, the implicit end of an index range is always after
            the last child of the topic, not including nested topics.</li>

            <li>Overlapping index ranges are not supported.</li>

            <li>The markup possibly contained in an
            <xmlelement>indexterm</xmlelement>
            (<xmlelement>option</xmlelement>,
            <xmlelement>parmname</xmlelement>,
            <xmlelement>apiname</xmlelement>, etc) is ignored.</li>

            <li>Because we consider this feature to be truly useful, we'll
            generate page references and ``see also'' redirections even for
            non-leaf index terms. No warnings will be reported in this case.
            If you don't like this specificity, simply do not author such
            <xmlelement>indexterm</xmlelement> elements.</li>

            <li>Unless specified using the <tt>-lang</tt> command-line option,
            the language of the document is taken from the
            <xmlatt>xml:lang</xmlatt> attribute of the root element of the
            topic map. If there is no such attribute, the language defaults to
            "<tt>en</tt>". Knowing the language of the document is required to
            be able to generate localized text (e.g. <ph
            xml:lang="de">"Kapitel"</ph>) and to sort and group the index
            entries.</li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul></section>

    <section><title>Keyref processing</title><ul>
        <li>Matching element content taken from a key definition is limited to
        the following cases:<ul compact="yes">
            <li>A <xmlelement>link</xmlelement> element gets its
            <xmlelement>linktext</xmlelement> child from
            <tt><i>key_definition</i>/topicmeta/linktext</tt> and its
            <xmlelement>desc</xmlelement> child from
            <tt><i>key_definition</i>/topicmeta/shortdesc</tt>.</li>

            <li>An <xmlelement>xref</xmlelement> element gets its contents
            from <tt><i>key_definition</i>/topicmeta/linktext</tt>.</li>

            <li>Elements <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement>,
            <xmlelement>cite</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>keyword</xmlelement>,
            <xmlelement>dt</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>term</xmlelement> all
            get their content from
            <tt><i>key_definition</i>/topicmeta/keywords/keyword</tt>, if any.
            Otherwise the contents of
            <tt><i>key_definition</i>/topicmeta/linktext</tt> is used as a
            fallback.</li>
          </ul></li>

        <li><xref format="html"
        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/archSpec/base/links-between-maps.html"
        scope="external">Key-based, cross-deliverable addressing</xref> is not
        implemented.</li>

        <li>Topics which are not directly or indirectly referenced by the root
        map are automatically added to the root key scope. Such topics
        typically contain common content which is included by other topics
        using <xmlatt>conref</xmlatt>.<p>If you don't want this to happen,
        please explicitly reference such common content topics in your maps
        and mark these references as being resource-only. Example:</p><pre>&lt;topigroup keyscope="MyKeycope"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="commonContent.dita" processing-role="resource-only"/&gt;</pre></li>
      </ul></section>

    <section><title>Transclusion</title><ul>
        <li>During a conref transclusion, ditac does not check the
        compatibility of the domains of the referencing document with the
        domains of the referenced document. This can be changed by defining
        system property <tt>DITAC_CHECK_DOMAINS</tt> (that is, adding
        <tt>-DDITAC_CHECK_DOMAINS=1</tt> to the <filepath>bin/ditac</filepath>
        shell script or to <filepath>bin/ditac.bat</filepath>). However, the
        verifications performed by ditac are almost certainly not conforming
        as we have not really understood the spec.</li>

        <li>Transclusion does not implement automatic generalization. For
        example, transcluding <tt>&lt;li conref="foo.dita#foo/item3"/&gt;</tt>
        will report a fatal error if "<tt>foo/item3</tt>" is a
        <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element. <p>A
        <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element is a specialization of a
        <xmlelement>li</xmlelement> element. Some DITA processors are capable
        of automatically converting a <xmlelement>step</xmlelement> element to
        an <xmlelement>li</xmlelement> element. This is not the case of
        ditac.</p></li>
      </ul></section>

    <section><title>Cascading of attributes and metadata</title><ul>
        <li>Filtering and flagging may be performed using any attribute.
        However only the following attributes:
        <xmlelement>audience</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>platform</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>product</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>otherprops</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>props</xmlelement>, specializations of attributes
        <xmlelement>props</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>rev</xmlelement>
        properly cascade with a map, within the
        <xmlelement>related-links</xmlelement> element of a topic and from a
        <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> element to the referenced
        <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement> element.</li>

        <li>Both attribute (e.g. <xmlatt>audience</xmlatt>) and element (e.g.
        <xmlelement>audience</xmlelement>) metadata are copied from a
        <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> element to the referenced
        <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement> element.</li>

        <li>Unless <tt>topicref/topicmeta/@lockmeta=no</tt>,
        <tt>topicref/topicmeta/searchtitle</tt> supplements or overrides
        <tt>topic/titlealts/searchtitle</tt>.</li>

        <li>In the following case, <tt>&lt;topicref href="foo.dita"/&gt;</tt>,
        the <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> metadata is copied only to the
        first topic found in <tt>foo.dita</tt>. An alternative would be to
        copy metadata to all topics found in <tt>foo.dita</tt>.</li>
      </ul></section>

    <section id="conditional_processing"><title>Conditional
    processing</title><ul>
        <li>Conditional processing is also applied to the information (e.g.
        <xmlelement>title</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>metadata</xmlelement>)
        contained in a map. However, only the exclude action will work. The
        flag action does not work in this context.</li>

        <li>Any attribute (that is, not only <xmlatt>audience</xmlatt>,
        <xmlatt>platform</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>product</xmlatt>,
        <xmlatt>rev</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>otherprops</xmlatt>,
        <xmlatt>deliveryTarget</xmlatt> and attributes specialized from
        <xmlatt>props</xmlatt>) may be used to filter or flag an element. For
        example, the <xmlatt>status</xmlatt> attribute may be used to
        highlight changes. See <xref
        href="#limitations/status_example">below</xref>.</li>

        <li>Subject scheme maps, which should be used to validate attribute
        values and also to implement smarter conditional processing, are
        currently ignored.</li>

        <li>If a map directly contains multiple
        <xmlelement>ditavalref</xmlelement> elements, all
        <xmlelement>ditavalref</xmlelement> elements but the first one are
        ignored. When this is the case, a warning is reported, though.</li>

        <li>The externally specified <tt>DITAVAL</tt> file is combined with
        the <xmlelement>ditavalref</xmlelement> element, if any, which is a
        direct child of a map.</li>

        <li><xref format="html"
        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/archSpec/base/example-ditavalref-error-conditions.html"
        scope="external"><xmlelement>ditavalref</xmlelement> error
        conditions</xref> are not detected.</li>

        <li outputclass="new-list-item foo">In a DITAVAL file, <xref
        format="html"
        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/langRef/ditaval/ditaval-prop.html"
        scope="external"><codeph>action="passthrough"</codeph></xref> is not
        supported.</li>
      </ul></section>

    <section id="flagging_contents"><title>Flagging contents</title><ul>
        <li>Only the following elements (and, of course, their
        specializations) can be flagged <i>without restrictions</i>:
        <xmlelement>topic</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>p</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>lq</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>note</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>dl</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>ul</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>ol</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>sl</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>pre</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>lines</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>fig</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>object</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>table</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>simpletable</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>section</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>example</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>term</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>xref</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>cite</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>q</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>boolean</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>state</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>keyword</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>tm</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>image</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>foreign</xmlelement>.<p>Any other element
        (<xmlelement>li</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>dlentry</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>step</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>stentry</xmlelement>, etc)
        is just given <i>some</i> of the colors and font styles, if any,
        specified by the flagging elements and attributes found in the
        <tt>.ditaval</tt> file<indexterm>DITAVAL, conditional
        processing</indexterm>.</p></li>

        <li>In a <tt>.ditaval</tt> file, attribute
        <tt>style="double-underline"</tt> is processed as if it were
        <tt>underline</tt>.</li>

        <li>In a <tt>.ditaval</tt> file, attribute
        <tt>style="line-through"</tt> is supported in addition to
        <tt>underline</tt> and <tt>overline</tt>.</li>

        <li id="status_example">The <xmlatt>status</xmlatt> attribute may be
        used to highlight
        changes<indexterm>changes<indexterm>highlighting</indexterm></indexterm>.
        Example:<indexterm>-filter,
        option<index-sort-as>filter</index-sort-as></indexterm><screen>$ ditac -filter status.ditaval doc.pdf doc.ditamap</screen><p>where
        file <filepath>status.ditaval</filepath> contains:</p><pre>&lt;val&gt;
  &lt;prop action="flag" att="status" backcolor="#FFFF99" style="underline"
        val="new"/&gt;

  &lt;prop action="flag" att="status" backcolor="#99FF99" val="changed"/&gt;

  &lt;prop action="flag" att="status" backcolor="#FF7F7F" style="line-through"
        val="deleted"/&gt;
&lt;/val&gt;</pre><p>and where <filepath>doc.ditamap</filepath> references a
        topic containing for example:</p><pre outputclass="language-xml">&lt;p&gt;A paragraph containing &lt;ph <b>status="new"</b>&gt;new text&lt;/ph&gt;, 
&lt;ph <b>status="changed"</b>&gt;changed text&lt;/ph&gt;, 
&lt;ph <b>status="deleted"</b>&gt;deleted text&lt;/ph&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
...
&lt;p <b>status="new"</b>&gt;New paragraph.&lt;/p&gt;
...
&lt;ul s<b>tatus="changed"</b>&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;First item in changed &lt;tt&gt;ul&lt;/tt&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;&lt;p&gt;Second item.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p <b>status="deleted"</b>&gt;Deleted paragraph.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Third item.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;</pre></li>

        <li>In a <tt>.ditaval</tt> file<indexterm>DITAVAL, conditional
        processing</indexterm><indexterm>changes<indexterm>bars</indexterm></indexterm>,
        the value of the <xmlatt>changebar</xmlatt> attribute of the
        <xmlelement>revprop</xmlelement> element, has the following
        syntax:<lines><i>changebar</i> -&gt; <i>prop</i> [ S <b>';'</b> S <i>prop</i> ]+

<i>prop</i> -&gt; <i>prop_name</i> <b>':'</b> S <i>prop_value</i></lines><p>The
        style properties supported there are:</p><simpletable
            relcolwidth="1* 2* 2* 4*">
            <sthead>
              <stentry>Name</stentry>

              <stentry>Value</stentry>

              <stentry>Default</stentry>

              <stentry>Description</stentry>
            </sthead>

            <strow>
              <stentry><tt>color</tt></stentry>

              <stentry><i>&lt;color&gt;</i></stentry>

              <stentry>The value of the <tt>color</tt> property.</stentry>

              <stentry>See <xref
              href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xsl11/#change-bar-color">XSL 1.1
              property <tt>change-bar-color</tt></xref>.</stentry>
            </strow>

            <strow>
              <stentry><tt>offset</tt></stentry>

              <stentry><i>&lt;length&gt;</i></stentry>

              <stentry><tt>6pt</tt></stentry>

              <stentry>See <xref
              href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xsl11/#change-bar-offset">XSL 1.1
              property <tt>change-bar-offset</tt></xref>.</stentry>
            </strow>

            <strow>
              <stentry><tt>placement</tt></stentry>

              <stentry><tt>start</tt> | <tt>end</tt> | <tt>left</tt> |
              <tt>right</tt> | <tt>inside</tt> | <tt>outside</tt> |
              <tt>alternate</tt></stentry>

              <stentry><tt>start</tt></stentry>

              <stentry>See <xref
              href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xsl11/#change-bar-placement">XSL 1.1
              property <tt>change-bar-placement</tt></xref>.</stentry>
            </strow>

            <strow>
              <stentry><tt>style</tt></stentry>

              <stentry><i>&lt;border-style&gt;</i></stentry>

              <stentry><tt>solid</tt></stentry>

              <stentry>See <xref
              href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xsl11/#change-bar-style">XSL 1.1
              property <tt>change-bar-style</tt></xref>.</stentry>
            </strow>

            <strow>
              <stentry><tt>width</tt></stentry>

              <stentry><i>&lt;border-width&gt;</i></stentry>

              <stentry><tt>medium</tt></stentry>

              <stentry>See <xref
              href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xsl11/#change-bar-width">XSL 1.1
              property <tt>change-bar-width</tt></xref>.</stentry>
            </strow>
          </simpletable><p>Example:<indexterm>-filter,
        option<index-sort-as>filter</index-sort-as></indexterm></p><screen>$ ditac -filter changebar.ditaval doc.pdf doc.ditamap</screen><p>where
        file <filepath>changebar.ditaval</filepath> contains:</p><pre
        outputclass="language-xml">&lt;val&gt;
  &lt;revprop action="flag" val="2.1"
    changebar="style: double; width: 3px; placement: start;" &gt;&lt;/revprop&gt;
&lt;/val&gt;</pre><p>and where <filepath>doc.ditamap</filepath> references a
        topic containing for example:</p><pre outputclass="language-xml">...
&lt;fig <b>rev="2.1"</b>&gt;
    &lt;title&gt;The logo of ACME corp.&lt;/title&gt;
    &lt;image href="acme_logo.png"/&gt;
&lt;/fig&gt;
...</pre></li>

        <li>Change bars are implemented by only a few XSL-FO 1.1 processors,
        namely <xref format="html"
        href="http://www.renderx.com/tools/xep.html" scope="external">RenderX
        XEP</xref><indexterm>XEP, XSL-FO processor</indexterm> and <xref
        format="html" href="https://www.antennahouse.com/antenna1/formatter/"
        scope="external">Antenna House Formatter</xref><indexterm>AHF, XSL-FO
        processor</indexterm>. For any other XSL-FO processor (e.g. <xref
        format="html" href="http://xmlgraphics.apache.org/fop/"
        scope="external">Apache FOP</xref><indexterm>FOP, XSL-FO
        processor</indexterm>, <xref format="html"
        href="http://www.xmlmind.com/foconverter/" scope="external">XMLmind
        XSL-FO Converter</xref><indexterm>XFC, XSL-FO processor</indexterm>)
        and also for all XHTML-based output formats (e.g. EPUB, Web Help),
        change bars are emulated using left or right borders. This emulation
        may give poor results when a change bar is added to a table.</li>
      </ul></section>

    <section><title>Generating links</title><ul>
        <li>Attribute <xmlatt>collection-type</xmlatt>, whatever its value, is
        ignored inside the <xmlelement>reltable</xmlelement> element.</li>

        <li>Ditac cannot generate “smart labels” for related links. The label
        is always "<tt>Related Links</tt>". It could have been "<tt>Related
        Concepts</tt>", "<tt>Related Reference</tt>" or even something
        determined using what is specified in the
        <xmlelement>title</xmlelement> child element of a
        <xmlelement>relcolspec</xmlelement> element.</li>
      </ul></section>

    <section><title>Chunking</title><ul>
        <li>The "<tt>to-navigation</tt>" <tt>chunk</tt> value is ignored.</li>

        <li>When the <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> attribute is used to specify an
        URI, the parent path part (e.g. "<tt>foo</tt>" in
        "<tt>foo/bar.htm</tt>") and the extension part (e.g. "<tt>.htm</tt>"
        in "<tt>foo/bar.htm</tt>") are ignored. Only the ``root name'' (e.g.
        "<tt>bar</tt>" in "<tt>foo/bar.htm</tt>") is taken into account during
        the processing of the map.</li>

        <li>The default chunking policy is <tt>by-document</tt>.</li>

        <li>When the deliverable targets a print media, all chunk
        specifications are removed and a <tt>chunk="to-content"</tt> attribute
        is added to the root element of the map.</li>
      </ul></section>

    <section id="other"><title>Other limitations and specificities</title><ul>
        <li><xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> elements found inside a
        <xmlelement>reltable</xmlelement> do not “pull” the corresponding
        topics. In other words, a <xmlelement>reltable</xmlelement> cannot be
        used to add some content to a deliverable. With ditac, a
        <xmlelement>reltable</xmlelement> is just used to create links between
        topics which are already part of the deliverable.</li>

        <li><p>There are several limitations and inconsistencies when working
        with files containing multiple topics and/or nested topics. </p><p>For
        example, let's suppose a map contains the following
        <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement>s, where <tt>multi.dita</tt> contains
        multiple topics (first topic being <tt>t1</tt>, second topic being
        <tt>t2</tt>), each topic possibly containing nested topics.</p><pre
        outputclass="language-xml">&lt;topicref href="multi.dita"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="multi.dita"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="multi.dita#t1"/&gt;
&lt;topicref href="multi.dita#t2"/&gt;</pre><ul>
            <li>As expected, the first <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> pulls
            all the topics, including nested ones, contained in
            <tt>multi.dita</tt>. However parent, child, sibling, etc, related
            links will <i>not</i> be automatically generated for these
            topics.</li>

            <li>The second <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> pulls a copy of
            all the topics, including nested ones, contained in
            <tt>multi.dita</tt>. The third <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement>
            pulls a copy of topic <tt>t1</tt> (excluding nested topics). The
            fourth <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> is <i>not</i> detected as
            pulling a copy of topic <tt>t2</tt>. Therefore the fourth
            <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> does nothing at all, as topic
            <tt>t2</tt> has already being pulled into the deliverable (by the
            first <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement>).</li>
          </ul></li>

        <li>The following <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> elements are not
        treated differently from the others:
        <xmlelement>topicset</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement>.</li>

        <li>The following <xmlelement>bookmap</xmlelement> elements:
        <xmlelement>abbrevlist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>amendments</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>appendices</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>appendix</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>bibliolist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>bookabstract</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>booklist</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>chapter</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>colophon</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>dedication</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>draftintro</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>figurelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>examplelist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>equationlist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>glossarylist</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>indexlist</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>notices</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>part</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>preface</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>tablelist</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>toc</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>trademarklist</xmlelement>, are considered to have an
        <i>implicit title</i> when<ul compact="yes">
            <li>they have no <xmlatt>href</xmlatt> attribute,</li>

            <li>and they have no explicit title,</li>

            <li>and they contain one or more <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement>
            (of any type) child elements.</li>
          </ul><p>For example:</p><pre outputclass="language-xml">&lt;glossarylist&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="term1.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="term2.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="term3.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/glossarylist&gt;</pre><p>is processed as if it was:</p><pre
        outputclass="language-xml">&lt;glossarylist navtitle="Glossary"&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="term1.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="term2.dita"/&gt;
  &lt;topicref href="term3.dita"/&gt;
&lt;/glossarylist&gt;</pre></li>

        <li>All attributes and elements — <tt>map/@anchorref</tt>,
        <xmlelement>anchorref</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>anchor</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>navref</xmlelement> — related to runtime integration of
        maps are ignored.</li>

        <li id="points_outside_processed_topics">Ditac reports a
        "<tt><i>topicB</i>, href points outside processed topics</tt>" warning
        when <i>topicA</i> references <i>topicB</i> and <i>topicB</i> is not
        referenced in the map. In order to suppress this warning, add to the
        map a <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> having attribute
        <tt>toc="no"</tt> and pointing to <i>topicB</i>.</li>

        <li id="glossref_unusable">Convenience <xref format="html"
        href="http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dita/v1.3/os/part2-tech-content/langRef/technicalContent/glossref.html"
        scope="external">element <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement></xref>
        cannot be used with ditac without setting some of its attributes.
        Example:<pre>&lt;glossref href="ONE.dita" keys="key_ONE"/&gt;</pre><p>is
        strictly equivalent to:</p><pre>&lt;topicref href="ONE.dita" keys="key_ONE" linking="none" print="no"
          toc="no" search="no"/&gt;</pre><p>Notice default attribute
        <tt>print="no"</tt>. Therefore, when generating PDF, such
        <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> is discarded at a very early stage
        by ditac. The consequence is that each occurrence of
        <tt>&lt;abbreviated-form keyref="key_ONE"/&gt;</tt> will cause ditac
        to report a "cannot resolve keyref" warning. The workaround is to
        simply avoid using <xmlelement>glossref</xmlelement> and to stick to
        <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> with a <xmlatt>keys</xmlatt>
        attribute.</p></li>
      </ul></section>
  </body>
</topic>
